README: mention ellswift module (#1548)
bitcoin-core/secp256k1: README.md

* Optional module for public key recovery.
* Optional module for ECDH key exchange.
* Optional module for Schnorr signatures according to [BIP-340](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0340.mediawiki).

> * Optional module for ElligatorSwift encoding for public keys according to [BIP-324](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0324.mediawiki).

Reviewer: Thanks, this is missing!

Perhaps this is a bit simpler and more comprehensive:
```suggestion
* Optional module for ElligatorSwift key exchange according to [BIP-324](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0324.mediawiki).
```
